af	af_AF	ltr	Afrikaans
am	am_AM	ltr	āmariññā
an	an_AN	ltr	Aragonés
ar	ar_AE	rtl	العربية/الإمارات
ar	ar_BH	rtl	العربية/البحرين
ar	ar_DZ	rtl	العربية/الجزائر
ar	ar_EG	rtl	العربية/مصر
ar	ar_IQ	rtl	العربية/العراق
ar	ar_JO	rtl	العربية/الأردن
ar	ar_KW	rtl	العربية/الكويت
ar	ar_LB	rtl	العربية/لبنان
ar	ar_LY	rtl	العربية/ليبيا
ar	ar_MA	rtl	العربية/المغرب
ar	ar_OM	rtl	العربية/سلطنة عمان
ar	ar_QA	rtl	العربية/قطر
ar	ar_SA	rtl	العربية/السعودية
ar	ar_SD	rtl	العربية/السودان
ar	ar_SY	rtl	العربية/سوريا
ar	ar_TN	rtl	العربية/تونس
ar	ar_YE	rtl	العربية/اليمن
as	as_AS	ltr	অসমীয়া
ast	ast_AST	ltr	Asturianu
az	az_AZ	ltr	Azərbaycan
ba	ba_BA	ltr	Башҡорт
be	be_BY	ltr	Беларускі
bg	bg_BG	ltr	Български
bn	bn_BN	ltr	Bangla
br	br_BR	ltr	Brezhoneg
bs	bs_BS	ltr	Bosanski
ca	ca_ES	ltr	Сatalà/Espanya
ce	ce_CE	ltr	Нохчийн
ch	ch_CH	ltr	Chamoru
co	co_CO	ltr	Corsu
cr	cr_CR	ltr	Cree
cs	cs_CZ	ltr	Čeština
cv	cv_CV	ltr	Чăвашла
cy	cy_CY	ltr	Cymraeg
da	da_DK	ltr	Dansk
de	de_AT	ltr	Deutsch/Österreich
de	de_CH	ltr	Deutsch/Schweiz
de	de_DE	ltr	Deutsch/Deutschland
de	de_LU	ltr	Deutsch/Luxemburg
el	el_CY	ltr	Ελληνικά/Κύπρος
el	el_GR	ltr	Ελληνικά/Ελλάδα
en	en_AU	ltr	English/Australia
en	en_CA	ltr	English/Canada
en	en_GB	ltr	English/United Kingdom
en	en_IE	ltr	English/Ireland
en	en_IN	ltr	English/India
en	en_MT	ltr	English/Malta
en	en_NZ	ltr	English/New Zealand
en	en_PH	ltr	English/Philippines
en	en_SG	ltr	English/Singapore
en	en_US	ltr	English/United States
en	en_ZA	ltr	English/South Africa
eo	eo_EO	ltr	Esperanta
es	es_AR	ltr	Español/Argentina
es	es_BO	ltr	Español/Bolivia
es	es_CL	ltr	Español/Chile
es	es_CO	ltr	Español/Colombia
es	es_CR	ltr	Español/Costa Rica
es	es_DO	ltr	Español/República Dominicana
es	es_EC	ltr	Español/Ecuador
es	es_ES	ltr	Español/España
es	es_GT	ltr	Español/Guatemala
es	es_HN	ltr	Español/Honduras
es	es_MX	ltr	Español/México
es	es_NI	ltr	Español/Nicaragua
es	es_PA	ltr	Español/Panamá
es	es_PE	ltr	Español/Perú
es	es_PR	ltr	Español/Puerto Rico
es	es_PY	ltr	Español/Paraguay
es	es_SV	ltr	Español/El Salvador
es	es_US	ltr	Español/Estados Unidos
es	es_UY	ltr	Español/Uruguay
es	es_VE	ltr	Español/Venezuela
et	et_EE	ltr	Eesti/Eesti
eu	eu_EU	ltr	Euskera
fa	fa_FA	rtl	فارسی
fi	fi_FI	ltr	Suomi
fj	fj_FJ	ltr	Na Vosa Vakaviti
fo	fo_FO	ltr	Føroyskt
fr	fr_BE	ltr	Français/Belgique
fr	fr_CA	ltr	Français/Canada
fr	fr_CH	ltr	Français/Suisse
fr	fr_FR	ltr	Français/France
fr	fr_LU	ltr	Français/Luxembourg
fy	fy_FY	ltr	Frysk
ga	ga_IE	ltr	Gaeilge/Éire
gd	gd_GD	ltr	Gàidhlig
gl	gl_GL	ltr	Galego
gu	gu_GU	ltr	Gujarati
he	he_IL	rtl	עברית
hi	hi_IN	ltr	हिंदी/भारत
hr	hr_HR	ltr	Hrvatski
hsb	hsb_HSB	ltr	Hornjoserbšćina
ht	ht_HT	ltr	Kreyòl Ayisyen
hu	hu_HU	ltr	Magyar
hy	hy_HY	ltr	հայերեն
ia	ia_IA	ltr	Interlingua
id	id_ID	ltr	Bahasa Indonesia
ie	ie_IE	ltr	Interlingue
in	in_ID	ltr	Bahasa Indonesia/Indonesia
is	is_IS	ltr	Íslenska/Ísland
it	it_CH	ltr	Italiano/Svizzera
it	it_IT	ltr	Italiano/Italia
iu	iu_IU	ltr	Inuktitut
iw	iw_IL	ltr	עברית
ja	ja_JP	ltr	日本語
ka	ka_KA	ltr	ქართული
kk	kk_KK	ltr	Қазақша
km	km_KM	ltr	Khmer
ko	ko_KR	ltr	한국어
ky	ky_KY	ltr	Кыргызча
la	la_LA	ltr	Latina
lb	lb_LB	ltr	Lëtzebuergesch
lt	lt_LT	ltr	Lietuvių/Lietuva
lv	lv_LV	ltr	Latviešu/Latvija
mi	mi_MI	ltr	Te Reo Māori
mk	mk_MK	ltr	Македонски/Македонија
ml	ml_ML	ltr	Malayalam
mo	mo_MO	ltr	Graiul Moldovenesc
mr	mr_MR	ltr	मराठी
ms	ms_MY	ltr	Bahasa Melayu
mt	mt_MT	ltr	Malti
nb	nb_NB	ltr	‪Norsk Bokmål‬
ne	ne_NE	ltr	नेपाली
ng	ng_NG	ltr	Oshiwambo
nl	nl_BE	ltr	Nederlands / België
nl	nl_NL	ltr	Nederlands / Nederland
nn	nn_NN	ltr	Norsk / Nynorsk
no	no_NO	ltr	Norsk / Norge
nv	nv_NV	ltr	Diné Bizaad
oc	oc_OC	ltr	Lenga d’òc
om	om_OM	ltr	Afaan Oromoo
pa	pa_IN	rtl	भारत गणराज्य/नेपाली
pa	pa_PK	rtl	یپنجاب/پنجاب
pl	pl_PL	ltr	Polski/Polska
pt	pt_BR	ltr	Português/Brasil
pt	pt_PT	ltr	Português/Portugal
qu	qu_QU	ltr	Runa Simi
rm	rm_RM	ltr	Rumantsch
ro	ro_RO	ltr	Română/România
ru	ru_RU	ltr	Русский/Россия
sa	sa_SA	ltr	संस्कृत
sc	sc_SC	ltr	Sardu
sd	sd_SD	rtl	فارسی
sg	sg_SG	ltr	Sango
sk	sk_SK	ltr	Slovenčina/Slovenská republika
sl	sl_SI	ltr	Slovenščina/Slovenija
so	so_SO	ltr	Af Somali
sq	sq_AL	ltr	Shqipe
sr	sr_BA	ltr	Српски/Босна и Херцеговина
sr	sr_CS	ltr	Српски/Србија и Црна Гора
sv	sv_SE	ltr	Svenska/Sverige
sw	sw_SW	ltr	Kiswahili
ta	ta_TA	ltr	தமிழ
th	th_TH	ltr	ไทย/ประเทศไทย
tig	tig_TIG	ltr	Tigré
tk	tk_TK	ltr	Түркмен
tlh	tlh_TLH	ltr	tlhIngan Hol
tr	tr_TR	ltr	Türkçe
uk	uk_UA	ltr	Українська
ve	ve_VE	ltr	Tshivenda
vi	vi_VN	ltr	Tiếng Việt
vo	vo_VO	ltr	Volapük
wa	wa_WA	ltr	Walon
xh	xh_XH	ltr	isiXhosa
yi	yi_YI	rtl	ייִדיש
zh	zh_CN	ltr	中文/中国
zh	zh_HK	ltr	中文/香港
zh	zh_SG	ltr	中文/新加坡
zh	zh_TW	ltr	中文/台灣
zu	zu_ZU	ltr	isiZulu
